README.md, before:

# NcovTracker

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.3.20.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

[FET] Add mobile views with routing

README.md, after:

# COVID Tracker Philippines

[![Build status](https://dev.azure.com/clarinojd/Covid-19%20Tracker/_apis/build/status/COVID%20Tracker%20PROD)](https://dev.azure.com/clarinojd/Covid-19%20Tracker/_build/latest?definitionId=7)


This project is meant as a lightweight mobile friendly alternative to the official [DOH NCov Tracker](https://ncovtracker.doh.gov.ph/). It aims to provide a better user experience to the Filipino community as a whole amidst this Pandemic.

This application currently supports tracking for the Philippines only. Rest assured we are working on a solution that would cater a glocal scale.

If you are from the **United States**, my colleague [@vdurano](https://github.com/proudmonkey) has a tracker for **Minnesota** which can be found here [NCov tracker MN]( http://trackncov.vmsdurano.com/)

## Tech Stack

- Framework - **Angular 8.3** (Not moving to 9.0 yet)
- CI/CD - **Azure Pipelines**
- Hosting - **Azure Blob Storage**
- Distribution - **Azure CDN**
- Data source - All data comes from [ERIS Arcgis](https://www.esri.com/en-us/home).


## Support

If this project was helpful to you, considering buying me a beer or a cup of coffee! 

<div class="donate">
<a href="https://www.paypal.me/judedaryl">
    <img src="https://proudmonkeystorage.blob.core.windows.net/cdn/common/donate_paypal.svg" height="37">
</a>
<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/exkpSj2">
    <img src="https://proudmonkeystorage.blob.core.windows.net/cdn/common/donate_coffee.png"></a>
</div>
